what's up guys mrs. so tech here and
today I have something exciting to show
you guys and I'm gonna show you how to
flash roms on your Galaxy Note 3 using
safe strap if you haven't heard about
safe strap ill allows you to flash roms
without triggering Knox or voiding your
warranty so to make it simple for you
guys how it works basically a partitions
your internal story so you have this
thing called ROM slots where you can
install a ROM without having to wipe the
entire phone or mess with the entire
phone system data another way to look at
it is like having windows on your
computer and then you partition your
hard drives to install and boot to kind
of similar to that but to sum it up is
just the flash ROM that I've oiled the
warranty which is great there are two
things you must do before we begin one
is have a rooted Galaxy Note 3 - already
rooted I recently made a tutorial how to
root the Galaxy Note 3 which will be in
the link down in description also you
must download a ROM and happy on your
intro storage already I'll also put a
link down in the description where you
can check out roms specific to the aging
TV version because I have the 18 to be
very safe chap also works on the horizon
version so check that out on xe8 but for
this tutorial I will be using an HDTV
version but the process should be
similar to the Verizon version do not
use the files I put in the description
on a Verizon version just just for aging
tee I'm just saying you could head over
to XD and look for a Verizon version of
the Galaxy Note 3 and download the safe
drive version for that one more thing
that optionally should do is to back up
your apps already backup all my apps
using titanium backup and have about 10
gigs free on your internal storage
because you are partitioning your
internal storage here so this should be
enough space for when you install apps
and all that good stuff there is a
little disclaimer I don't want to be
held responsible for if you break your
device or anything this is a risky
procedure but if you do it right it
works fine I test it out already
just follow my direction perfectly and
everything should be fine for you what
if you choose to rush and mess up don't
blame me
so let's begin first thing you'll want
to do is to hop over into settings go
into general scroll down to security and
you're gonna want to toggle on unknown
resources that way we can install the
safe strap AV K and then you want to hop
over the XDA safe shaft forum which I
have a link down in the description and
from there you could download the apk so
I'm just gonna open
web page real quick I recommend you read
through this form so you can understand
stay strapped a little more better and
have an idea what it is and how it works
let me scroll down here for a download
link so the latest version right now is
3.7 one so I'm gonna go hit the download
link I'm gonna hit the bottom one with
the lazy latest one I was gonna go ahead
and download okay once the download is
finished just hit it from the
notification shade and we just install
the safe strap application accept and
we're just gonna open it grant super
user permission agree at the top you
have two option you can install recovery
on install recovery we're going to
install recovery let's just take a few
seconds here it's real quick okay it's
just finished and now we actually boot
reboot into recovery he's our gonna hit
that you're gonna see the splash screen
it's gonna go dark here for a few
seconds so don't freak out yet it takes
a while I boot into recovery okay we're
in recovery and this is a custom version
of TWRP also guys do not ever update
your tour version because you could mess
up the real the recovery so never update
your tour version just keep it the same
and with that set if you look at the top
my rom slot it's stuck I mean stock rom
learning right now so we're gonna hop
over to Boot Options and right here you
have a selection of four slots the
thread recommends you only use two slots
so Newsround slot one around satsu
basically you can flash up to two
different roms and with the addition of
the stock rom you have three roms on the
device if you decide to do that but for
now we're just gonna flash one ROM with
the news ROM start one so what you want
to do is press on that and here where's
the data partition size you're gonna
want to say how much storage you want to
dedicate to that ROM so right now is
that twenty-five hundred megabytes
that's basically 2.5 gigs there is a
limit to how much storage you can
actually dedicate to the ROM itself the
max is four thousand which is basically
four gig so I'm gonna raise it to four
thousand that may not be enough for you
but remember you can always blue back
into the stock rom the rest of those
storage will be available to you and
that's about it we're gonna create the
ROM slot and from right here is gonna
take at least five to seven minutes to
create this ROM slot so be patient
alright guys so we just finished
creating the ROM slot and as you can see
at the top and yell says ROM slot runs
not one so now we can actually go about
and flash the roms you just hit back
and we're gonna go to white first to
make sure it is all clean and good
advanced wipe you want to check pelvic
cache data cache and system do not check
micro SD card so check those four things
we're gonna swipe it should be fairly
quick here okay done successful hit back
again back I'm gonna go ahead to install
up a level and look for your SD card I'm
see SD card scroll down to SD card well
actually is wherever you put your ROM
mine's in a download folder on a SD card
or internal storage download Zoar ROM
version 4 that's the wrong one gonna
flash let's wipe it there's actually a
really good ROM guys it's only a little
over nine hundred megabytes or actually
really small and it's a deep bloated
version of the TouchWiz ROM so you won't
have all that 18t junk or Samsung junk
it just keeps the really good stuff like
S Pen functionality so it's a really
lightweight ROM it's gonna take about
three to five minutes here to install
this okay so the ROM just finished
installing I'm gonna hit reboot system
let's go ahead and reboot my phone and
you're gonna see a new menu system here
that'll actually prompt you the booting
is a recovery or booting to the ROM
itself so right here says safe strap
enabled and I'm just gonna continue to
continue to boot and right here we're
gonna begin the initial boot of the new
rama just flashed you got the boot
animation here alright so we hit the
setup screen here missing skip through
this real quick as you see the wallpaper
looks different now look at that only
one and a half pages of apps all the 18
t stuff is gone and some Samsung shall
remain almost of the junk is gone and we
even got the xposed framework
application pre-installed if you want to
know more about xposed framework I have
a video for that which also be down in
the description and we're gonna hop over
to settings about device as you see it
says Azure ROM version 4 so we are
running a custom ROM so next I want to
show you that Knox is not triggered and
my warranty is not voice I'm gonna power
off my phone I'm gonna hold volume down
home button and power you should get
this screen and hit volume up continue
and as you can see on the top it's
really hard to see right here is really
bright boy says Knox Colonel Locke zero
times
knocks warranty void 0 times 0 so we're
all good
our warranty still intact and this is
really awesome guys so we have ability
flash roms so I'm gonna reboot now into
recovery and show you how easy it is to
switch back to the stock rom if you
choose so I'm moving back into recovery
like I said when you boot up first
they'll have the option of butenes
recovery so now I'm gonna hit recovery
then we're gonna go into Boot Options
and from Boot Options we're gonna hit
stock rom activate as you see at the top
it changed to red again which means
stock rom and if you ever want to delete
a rom slot you just hit on the rom slot
and hit delete swipe to delete takes a
few seconds here and the rom side is
gone and now you only have stock rom
left remember guy is only good to have a
limit of two rom shots with the addition
of stock rom so don't go beyond that I'm
just gonna go back and reboot let me
unlock my phone now which look at that
we're back to where we started back to
the normal stock rom and if you ever
want to remove safe strap just go into
the application again and hit uninstall
recovery is gonna take out the recovery
and that's how easy it is guys remember
this is very risky and if you follow my
directions to work perfectly fine for
you like it did for me so happy flashing
guys go check out those wrong up in the
description register for the 18 T
version Bryce's version should be is
very similar but you have to go check
out the Verizon section of XDA for that
very of the note 3 so thanks for
watching guys I hope you guys liked this
video like comment subscribe and I'll
see you next time